Ma Shubowen's shares
It's all in his hands, Lin Fan
His Lin Fan's wolf ambition
It is already the heart of Sima Zhao
Everyone knows it.
Wait a minute, does Lin Fanmo want to acquire shares?
Mom, you're going head-to-head in the group
Mom, if you don't do it again
That would be really unimaginable.
Your four uncles
Bob's shares add up to less than 15%
Plus Minfan himself has the most shares
That's twenty-seven or eight percent.
30% of the shares in the hands of the mother
Peng Peng, you found 5% of the shares in his name
Within the agreed time limit
There is no right to know
The chef waited until the pre-project planning was all implemented
It was the moment when he, Lin Fan, passed the sun
Lin Fan
I'm going to get it back with interest
I want you to live better than death
You look at me like this
It makes me think you have an idea in your heart.
Everything you told me has been done.
As long as you sign this
Another hour.
You will become a temporary group
The largest controlling family member
In other words
The salary you asked me to invest
Now valuations have all doubled
OK
Are you not serious at all?
Just let you buy Lin's Group
Fractional shares on the market
This is not an encore for you, Miss Zhang
What's more, President Nalan has to secretly assist
If I designate those companies without violence
It would be strange if it went up
Are you kidding?
This is my past life's memory
Selected investment direction
How could it be wrong?